# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml --extra test --extra local --extra ext -o requirements-dev.txt
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyascii==0.3.2
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   lancedb
    #   number-parser
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
build==1.1.1
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via lancedb
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via lancedb
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
coverage==7.4.3
dateparser==1.2.0
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   retry
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via lancedb
docutils==0.20.1
    # via readme-renderer
emoji==2.10.1
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2024.2.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
huggingface-hub==0.21.3
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.0.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   keyring
    #   nbconvert
    #   twine
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.2
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jaraco-classes==3.3.1
    # via keyring
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.24
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
jupyter-client==8.6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.13.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.5
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
keyring==24.3.1
    # via twine
lancedb==0.6.2
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via jaraco-classes
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
nameparser==1.1.3
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.2
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.2.1
    # via torch
nh3==0.2.15
    # via readme-renderer
notebook==7.1.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
number-parser==0.3.2
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   pyarrow
    #   pylance
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
overrides==7.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   lancedb
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   deprecation
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   transformers
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.2.0
    # via sentence-transformers
pip==24.0
pkginfo==1.10.0
    # via twine
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via jupyter-core
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via retry
pyarrow==15.0.0
    # via pylance
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.6.2
    # via lancedb
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pylance==0.10.2
    # via lancedb
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pytest==8.0.1
    # via pytest-mock
pytest-mock==3.12.0
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   dateparser
    #   jupyter-client
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via dateparser
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   lancedb
    #   transformers
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
rapidfuzz==3.6.1
ratelimiter==1.2.0.post0
    # via lancedb
readme-renderer==43.0
    # via twine
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   lancedb
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
retry==0.9.2
    # via lancedb
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via twine
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.4.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.4.1.post1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
semver==3.0.2
    # via lancedb
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
sentence-transformers==2.5.1
setuptools==69.1.1
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tantivy==0.21.0
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.3.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.15.2
    # via transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pyproject-hooks
    #   pytest
torch==2.2.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lancedb
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
transformers==4.38.2
    # via sentence-transformers
twine==5.0.0
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   torch
tzlocal==5.2
    # via dateparser
unidecode==1.3.8
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   twine
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
